9 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here
in Hong Kong, you're watching the China
Show. I'm Yvon Man with David and Glass.
>> We're counting down to the open up
markets in greater China. Let's get to
your top stories today. Asian stocks
gaining on AI optimism, looking past the
Iran war, even as Washington and Thrron
fail to reach a peace deal.
>> Trump lays down his agenda for the
upcoming summit with Xi Jinping in
Beijing, including US arm sales to
Taiwan and the case of imprisoned Hong
Kong businessman Jimmy Lie. Also ahead,
Trump's Beijing delegation said to
include Tesla's Elon Musk, Apple's Tim
Cook, and Boeing's Kelly Ortberg. One
notable absence though is Invidious
Jensen Huang.
>> Plus, we speak with KKR head of global
macro and asset allocation Henry McVey
about his investment case for China and
the impact of the Trump summit.
Well, President Trump says this c
ceasefire with Iran is on massive life
support. You take a look at markets
though. I think they're still breathing
pretty easily. If you bring it back to
the AI trade, I think they're still
living quite large here too. Some of
these, you know, tech bull investors
right now.
>> Yeah. Breathing with lungs wide open.
>> Yes. does not matter. Iran the war does
not matter to markets as long as the AI
trade keeps keeps chugging along. Uh in
fact when you look at the reaction
across markets overnight and I think
obviously equity market reaction it's
we're looking at gains across across the
board. uh in China's case of course is
hardware rally and I think we'll talk
more about this the the context of it
Jensen Puong not being be able to go or
not joining that delegation just might
indicate that everything but cutting
edge technology is on the table uh is
indicative really that the focus remains
on AI and of course parts of the AI
story and I think the uh the reaction or
lack of reaction in in in some of the
vulgages to that comment of Donald Trump
saying that it is on ceasefire is simply
indicative that most parts of this
market have moved on beyond the Iran
obviously absent a massive reescalation
uh in that part of the world.
>> Yeah. So there you go. Take the VIX
really not doing a whole lot here
despite uh those comments coming through
from President Trump and you know it
just goes to show right because you talk
about what's on tap here. You have US
CPI coming up perhaps that's a little
bit more telling of the kind of
inflationary pass through this could
have on consumers. Uh we're expecting a
pretty decent punchy print there from
the US as well. And then you have
earnings, right? The big sort of China
tech names are finally going to be
reporting results here and they really
haven't been playing too well when it
comes to this whole AI trade. So what
then they say really to change the
dynamics of that but you know
nonetheless you take a look at how
onshore markets are doing still looking
pretty good for the Shanghai composite
too.
>> Very very good. In fact 10ear highs the
China index was up 3% yesterday. We'll
obviously see whether or not that
continues.
>> 680 for remb on shore and offshore
>> on on both cases. And I think Goldman uh
recently upgraded uh their forecast in a
remmbb they think it's 20% undervalued
looking at the latest trade numbers. So
it's I think it's uh they're ratcheting
up to about 67 I believe I think is some
of their targets there. Um and yeah I
mean just one eye or a quarter of an eye
on on cable right now given of course
the uncertainty over uh Kier Star. It's
obviously something else to watch apart
from everything else that's on the
agenda today, but suffice to say uh risk
rally is set to continue as we go into
the Tuesday session here today.
>> Yeah. In terms of your agenda, as we
talked about here, so earnings includes
the likes of JD, JD Logistics, Tencent
Music, they kind of set the stage here
before Alibaba and Tencent Report later
on this week. We have 10-year highs in
the Shanghai Composite. uh China X is
still the benchmark to watch here and
the rallies that we're seeing around
tech and turnover continues to be a a
strong sort of uh milestone there. We
talked about 680 for the currency and
we're still in the window for credit
data out of China as well. And as we
talked about right, it seems like when
it comes to both sides, President Trump
as well as President Xi are going to be
heading to this meeting with pretty
strong economies uh from both their
respective homelands. So certainly that
could be an interesting scene to see who
has the most leverage at this point. But
when it comes to what we're hearing
about what could be on the agenda,
President Trump says he will discuss US
arm sales to Taiwan with Xiinping when
both leaders meet later on this week.
Here he is speaking earlier at the White
House.
>> Do you think we should still be selling
them weapons? The United States should
>> Well, I'm going to have that discussion
with President Xi. President Xi would
like us not to. Uh and I'll have that
discussion
Let's bring in our Asia economy and
government correspondent, Rebecca Chu
Wilkins. She joins us from Singapore
now. Rebecca, so we're starting to get a
little bit more details of what could be
on the agenda in Beijing this later on
this week. Tell us a bit more about what
we heard from President Trump.
>> Yes. So, we'll kick off with the
delegation. I mean we s have these
details emerging from the White House
over this very large delegation more
than a dozen uh top leaders, business
leaders and CEOs. Some of the usual
suspects there we of course have CEOs
like for Blackstone City um Goldman
Sachs but a few threads I think that are
worth really uh picking out and
selecting here. Um, one of those is, as
you, uh, Dave sort of highlighted just
at the beginning of the show, the Jensen
Huang of it all. Nvidia apparently not
part of this uh, delegation, confirmed
by reporting from some of my colleagues.
Um, and that potentially is a bit of a
blow because of course we do have Nvidia
trying to make this bid to open up an
export channel uh, into China. Um, a
couple of other names, big names on the
docket that I think are also worth
highlighting. We have the B uh Boeing
CEO of course this potential 500 uh uh
aircraft deal uh of the 737s that may be
announced during this trip um as well
and interestingly Elon Musk also here.
So suggesting perhaps that sort of
acrimonious past that he incident that
he had with Trump now firmly behind
them. Tesla of course is really an
important um and has faces an important
market when it comes to China there. a
lot of steep competition from some of
its other local domestic competitors and
peers. Um so that's the delegation. I I
do think of course we are sort of kind
of tempering our expectations. You think
back to 2017 $250 billion dollars of
potential commercial deals were inked at
that time. Um many of that actually did
not many of most of that did not really
come through in the end. But I think the
optics here of course this time are very
very different. we may see somewhat
tempered uh attitude toward uh the the
deal making that's going on. Uh very
different context coming from Trump and
also of course from many of these
business leaders too.
>> Rebecca, what about so that's that's
that's largely the business side. What
about largely the the political side and
you know we understand the US president
has said he does plan to bring up Taiwan
arm sales. Uh in what way will Taiwan
come up and will will it come up?
Yeah, a couple of very sensitive topics
that are going to be on the docket here
that are making uh folks uneasy for
different reasons and Taiwan is
certainly one of them. A little bit of
unease among Congress members, perhaps
among Taiwanese officials as well. Uh
and really the history of that goes back
to the 1980s. Ronald Reagan essentially
had this sort of diplomatic precedent,
diplomatic tradition that it US would
not negotiate and would not discuss the
nature of US arms deals with Taiwan with
China particularly before uh they were
made. So there will be some particularly
among Congress who are trying to put
forward and push forward this 14 billion
uh arm sale package from the US to
Taiwan. there will be some nervousness
over whether uh you know the nature of
that discussion whether it's just the
issue of Trump raising Taiwan sales or
if it actually becomes a talking point
or a point of negotiation between China
and the US potentially a breaking of
this quite longstanding precedent not to
have this be a point of negotiation. So
that's one issue I think that people
will be watching very very closely. The
second is the issue of Jimmy Lie which
has of course come up time and time
again uh when it comes with President
Trump. He raised it in fact during his
campaign trail and again uh during his
second term saying he is going to raise
it. Um it is something of a coup for the
lie advocates uh in DC not least of
course Sebastian Li's son who has
campaigned very hard for the release of
of Jimmy Lie. So we we'll be watching
very very closely for that too. of
course very sensitive topic for Beijing.
>> Rebecca, thank you. Rebecca Chun Wilkins
there in Singapore for us perhaps uh
related to the story here. Uh you have
of course Scott Bessant in in Japan. Uh
more details coming through and that
conversation in fact happening as we
speak and dollar yen on your screens is
inching back towards the 158 handle
here. So a couple of things that they
did confirm of course good conversations
around effect uh the FX markets. This
accord
uh also states intervention within the
framework of that as as an option. Um
they also discussed things like AI
critical minerals with with Scott
Bessent and they would consider support
for Sony TSMC if of course that was part
of the conversation but yes u I think at
least as far as these names are
concerned markets are attuned to the FX
component to this given of course
suspected uh intervention that we've
seen out of the Japanese side of late
and hence why we're looking at Japanese
currency. Uh they did not discuss fiscal
policy is the latest line to come
through there. Yeah, we'll see what
lines come through with from Bessa
himself, right? He himself has hasn't
been shy providing a lot of commentary
around the BOJ policy and the currency
recently here. So, we'll see what he
says about this trip uh to Tokyo here.
But yes, this is on the backdrop of what
we had debt auctions coming through for
the 10-year and the 30-year JGB this
week as well. So, uh quite an important
week uh when it comes to Japan. Coming
up, we're talk a little bit more about
KKR and really the head of global macro
and asset allocation, Henry McVey, will
be with us to discuss the outlook for
Asia. Just came back from a trip from
China, Beijing, and Hong Kong. And take
a look at what he says some of the big
outlooks for mainland China here and
really what opportunities he sees in
this part of the world. That interview
is coming up next. So, we're coming down
the open of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and Hong Kong. This is the China Show.
Good morning. Welcome back. You're
watching the China Show. We are yet
again set for a rally across the Asia
markets, which has been piping hot of
late. I think we've seen four straight
days of north of three trillion in
turnover. where the hardware, the AI
plays, robotics plays, all very much in
focus amidst this global meltup in
public markets across the AI space.
Let's talk more about this really uh and
what this means from a broader
perspective. Joining us now from New
York is Henry McY, head of global macro
and asset allocation of KKR and he's
also the CIO of KKR's balance sheet.
Recently returned from Asia including
stops in Hong Kong and Beijing. Third
visit so far in the region this year.
Henry, you've been busy. You've been
living on a plane. uh tell us what what
stood out to you the most. What
surprised you the most uh in these last
few trips to China?
>> Um look, I would say a couple things are
jumping out about China. One is it is
stabilizing uh from an economic
standpoint. That's an important change
versus when I was there, you know, the
fall of 2024, it felt uh much more
cautious from a growth standpoint. More
importantly would be where we're going.
uh we estimate about 60% of growth is
coming from industrialization and
robotics uh digitalization around that.
That's a huge driver of growth and that
ultimately plays into point number three
which is artificial intelligence. China
and the US are both going to be leaders
in AI but they're approaching it very
differently. China is going kind of mass
consumption across industries. there's a
a very positive view on about what AI
can do and they're going with a lower
cost model and uh and there's going to
be significant changes and value created
through that from a productivity
standpoint uh for the economy over
there.
How are you looking at I mean we we were
talking to Deote just a few days ago
about deal activity which has been on
pause for the last few years whether
it's pandemic driven whether it's
geopolitical tensions but we're starting
to see signs of deal activity pick up
are you more in the market now for deals
now Henry what what are you seeing in
terms of deal activity there
>> I mean one of the things you know I've
been at KKR 15 years Asia is one of our
you know franch flagship franchises what
I like about the way we're set up over
here is we can look at uh Asia across
regions, India versus Japan, uh China
versus um Korea. And what you see is
there kind of three mega themes that are
that are driving Asia right now. Number
one is corporate reform. I probably
would say that Japan and Korea uh are
the owners of that right now. Second
would be AI and I think that China is
the leader in that. And the third is
consumption upgrades uh and China's
participating in that India as well.
what you see on the ground and what's
changed in China. A lot of people say
consumption hasn't grown as a uh as a
percentage of GDP and that that's true
but uh since I've been going there
consumption is up or GDP per capita is
up 13fold in the past 25 years. So uh so
there's definitely some consumption
going on. It's very different today than
maybe what people thought when China
entered the WTO. there's a much bigger
focus uh I think right now from the
government on things such as travel and
leisure which has not necessarily been
um where they've been focused before
health care services as well as uh parts
of parts of education. We have been
really focused as a firm more on some of
the consumer verticals around kind of
value for money. We recently bought a
big uh soft drink uh company over there
and there there are things we're doing
where we want to be aligned with the
long-term trends in China where we can
add value from both our global footprint
but also the operational expertise we
bring to our private equity franchise in
Asia but particularly in China.
>> Yeah, I was about to ask you is China
mostly still a private equity play for
you guys or are you looking to deploy
other strategies there?
Uh we do um a lot of stuff across Asia.
I'd say right now private equity is
probably u predominantly what we're
doing in the Chinese economy right now.
Uh but when we think about you know to
be effective in Asia you got to
understand everything. You got to
understand real estate where I spent a
lot of my time understanding trends
there the past couple years. You have to
understand infrastructure and logistics
and then ultimately you do need to
understand corporate flows. I I think
when you were talking about the China
deal making um one thing I would
highlight is obviously the the the Hong
Kong market has been much more active
than the than the Shanghai market. Um I
do think in general uh my personal views
is that China's currency will
appreciate. We we wrote about that in
our our piece and um I think that the
the export world in China is so
competitive that they can allow for some
appreciation of the R&B which will allow
for greater consumption of goods and
goods and services uh not only
domestically but also internationally.
>> Henry, you mentioned that you've been
focusing on the real estate side of
things. Um, we're starting to see some
green shoots uh in the property market
in China, whether it's a rebound that's
been driven by the first tier cities.
Certainly, that's starting to show, but
what what trends are you seeing in the
property market in particular? Do you
think things are at a bottom? And and
are there maybe some distressed assets
out there that that you're looking into
now? So, we've been comparing China's
housing downturn to Spain, Ireland, and
the United States, and also Japan going
back to 1989.
China's been much more aggressive about
price decline, and you've recently seen
the volume decline where we think
there's a bottom being put in. I don't
expect a big snapback. This is not
you're not having a tarp or a tal the
way you did in the United States. But I
do think there's moderation and downward
pressure that you've seen uh in housing.
I still think we need more consolidation
of the devel developers in China. Uh
ultimately I think that will lead to uh
stronger uh you have stronger hands in
terms of who's developing properties.
But as you mentioned, I do think we're
starting to see some stabilization in
first tier cities. Um remember how has
that reflected itself? The Chinese
savings rate has exploded to the upside,
right? And that's very normal. One, when
you have a housing downturn, and two is
it's usually accompanied with some form
of disinflation or deflation, which
exactly what we've had in China. I think
on a go forward basis, we're looking for
modest increases in activity and prices.
Um because there's we we estimate
there's still probably 40 to 50 million
too many homes. there's you know that
that's not an exact science but
ultimately um we do think they can grow
into the excess capacity uh that they
have and I think that the the market
will become uh more rational but that
that's not what drives China today I
mean I think I think there's a
misunderstanding like globally I mean
when you look at our work we think about
60% of the growth is coming from
industrialization robotics and
automation and then probably another 30%
is coming from the green economy So
almost 90% of the incremental GDP growth
is coming from sectors that weren't
really relevant, you know, 10 10 years
ago. And I think there was a big push
where people thought that they want to
grow consumption. Um I think they do,
but not at the expense of advancement,
advanced manufacturing, uh biotechnology
and other kind of leading uh sectors
where it requires patents and other
forms of technological advancements.
Henry, do you see specific opportunities
for foreign capital in in the likes of
advanced manufacturing, AI? You know, we
talked about robotics because we've also
seen against the backdrop, you know, the
rise of statebacked funds really trying
to get into uh and sort of bolstering
China's capacity in those sectors.
>> Look, I think to China's credit, what
they're trying to do is create
stability, right? And there are a couple
things that come with stability. Number
one is not being dependent on foreign
capital for flows. Sometimes as as you
guys have reported when people have
foreign capital that's moving in and out
very quickly that's destabilizing.
That's not what KKR does. We're a
long-term investor. But you do see that
in Southeast Asia and other other
emerging markets. So point one to me
would be is that they're relying more on
domestic flows to finance themselves. I
think that's an important uh difference
than than where we've been. Uh and
secondly, I think they're trying to
create an economy that is more uh
self-reliant, right? And I think you'll
hear about that during the trade
negotiations um this this week. And that
that comes from heading having cutting
edge technology really uh executing on
the 15th 5-year plan. Uh and then
ultimately I do think that valuations
have gotten very cheap in China. I think
look, if you invest in AI globally, you
need to compare everything to China.
China is going to have winners in that
market and I think you need to think
about relative value not only within
Asia but around the world and what are
you paying for that in many instances
China's got um technological companies
that are trading uh at a discount to
other places what we see around the
world um but I don't envision a world uh
particularly given in some of these more
sensitive areas I think that um where
the government has focus that will
continue to be a priority for the
Chinese economy
uh and that's not really where um I
think foreign capital today is is is
looking to provide to be a value added
partner to to the Chinese economy.
>> Uh Henry, beyond just China, you've been
traveling around in parts of Asia the
last couple months you outside of China.
What where are some of the growth
opportunities for KKR where you can
maybe expand a bit more of your
footprint and exposure? Yeah, I think
there are a couple. I mean, one,
corporate reform is on fire in both
Japan and Korea. Uh we recently just did
a transaction in Korea that I think is
indicative. Uh they're starting to
follow the the Japan playbook on kind of
shareholder value and the valuations are
extraordinarily cheap at a time where
there many of the glo the corporate
footprints are not as efficient as they
could be. So that would be you know stop
destination number one. Uh number two
would be around infrastructure.
Everything that's going on in the Middle
East, when we interview our CEOs, what
do they talk about? They talk about
resiliency of supply chains. That's
going to lead to huge growth uh in
different types of logistics, power,
energy, uh fiber, all that. People are
going to want to make sure that their
supply chains work. That's a part of the
intraasia trade theme that we've had. If
you look at it, Asia only trades about
40% of its trade is with itself. If you
compare that in in uh Europe or North
America or the Americas, that number is
closer to 70 or 80%. So there's huge uh
opportunity to create the network effect
around infrastructure. And then we've
been quite busy in real estate in places
like Japan uh where you've seen
inflation come back. And as I mentioned
earlier in India, we're very uh active
around the consumption upgrade across
consumer health care uh as well as
education and financial services. So uh
we think more capital is going to move
into Asia. I do think what's going on in
Iran is significant. Uh but my base view
is that many of these economies and many
of these markets are going to serve as
diversifiers and growers where capital
will be there to be supportive.
Henry, you mentioned here each of your
trips and three so far this year has
simply bolstered the case that Asia
remains a core strategy u as a
percentage of your AUM or andor balance
sheets. Um is that the the Asia exposure
is that something deliberately you want
to increase? Do you think you guys are
underweight Asia at this point?
>> I think we've grown our you know our
balance sheet we've grown increasingly.
I mean that's almost you know $40
billion. that's gone from kind of 10% to
upwards of 20 plus percent um you know
in in round numbers and you know we are
growing extraordinarily fast in Asia.
I'd say the the offset is our US
business and our European businesses are
are growing a bit uh are growing quickly
too. So maybe it's champagne problems
that it hasn't rebalanced as much. But
when you think about when you think
about what's happening across
infrastructure and credit uh as well as
our you know we've been we're the
largest and biggest player and most
scaled player in private equity but
those other those other parts of our
Asia franchise have really accelerated
the past three to five years. And when I
go there I get extraordinarily excited
about what we're doing on the ground.
Look, it's expensive to have the number
as many offices as we do. Everybody's
local, but that's the way you win in
Asia. And then you combine that with
operational expertise and you can
deliver outsides results.
>> Henry, we got to leave it there, but
thank you so much for the time. Henry
McVey there, head of global macro and
asset allocation at KKR and CIO of KKR's
balance sheet. Make sure to let us know
next time you're back in the region.
Futures looking like this here right
now. We're in the green when it comes to
the open in China. And yeah, the
pre-market in the hang is also up a
third of 1%. The open is next. This is
Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You are watching the China
show. So interesting price action in the
last 15 minutes as we approach the open
here. So the rest of the Asia Pacific is
actually erased u all most if not all
the gains. So we're now down in fact on
a benchmark basis Korea has just wiped
out I think 2% gains. Uh that is also to
say we've still seeing some hold up and
as far as gains are concerned and we'll
see what happens at the open here.
>> Yeah, I mean at least Japan is still in
the green but yeah you mentioned the
cost were lower by about 1.3% here right
now. So you're racing gains and now also
seeing some steep declines. So there's
been a consolidation in soul here this
morning. We'll see how that plays out
for the whole tech trade here in China
as we countdown. We're just about a day
away as President Trump arrives in
Beijing. That meeting happening in about
48 hours or so. So certainly that's
still the the one thing to watch. You
have US CPI numbers coming through
before that. Might that change the
discussion when it comes to the bond
market which has largely priced out the
possibility of Fed rate cuts? You have
the likes of Goldman, Bank of America
that have also done that in their
forecast in the last couple of days. So
uh that's still one thing to deal with
as well. But so far you're seeing when
it comes to onshore markets looking
pretty steady. CSI 300. We're getting
back to that 5000 level. Shanghai
Composite as well. We talked about those
10-year highs. So certainly things are
still looking okay when it comes to the
China trade here and we're watching the
likes of I mean there's not much price
movement but the chips still seem to be
doing quite well. Camberon tech is up
another 8/10 of 1% here today. CL though
is heading the opposite direction.
Shanghai crew not doing too much but
we're slightly higher this morning. um
following kind of what we've been seeing
when it comes to the price of Brent as
in WTI on the back of what President
Trump said right this ceasefire is on
massive life support here right now but
markets seem to be taking it at least
now in stride um despite the things I'm
looking a little bit you know slower
here today in terms of risk appetite
here's how Hong Kong is fairing
certainly we've been talking about the
hardware stocks rally and that really
has in some ways really hampered what
Hong Kong is doing but today we're
seeing when it comes to HStech a slight
bit we're up about half of 1% Here you
are seeing the likes of Tencent,
Alibaba, marginal gains really here. We
have JD earnings coming through a little
bit later on today before the big ones,
Alibaba and Tencent. Uh offshore China.
There you go. We've broken below 680
now, which is the strongest we've seen
the currency. This is onshore and
offshore since 2023. So 67950
for the currency here right now. Um
right now we continue to see more signs
pointing to that strength, right? I
think Goldman was talking about how
undervalued the Reven still remains uh
as well. Um take a look when it comes to
in terms of sectors. I mean oil stock
certainly is still the thing to watch
here just given the whipsaw and the
volatility around oil prices. It's a
pretty mixed picture but yeah not too
much. Prochina is up about 1%. Earnings
to tell you about. So it's JD, it's JD
Logistics, it's Tencent Music. They're
going to kick off some of these China
tech earnings uh this week as well. So
certainly a lot of talk about what you
know what we're seeing in terms of the
AI agents and assistants and Talba and
and all the like here. So I'm sure AI
will play out a big role in all these
earnings and and earning conference
calls too.
>> How to how to help you quickly find what
you need and keep you in in that sort of
rabbit hole of of of search.
>> Ivon knows a lot. I know a lot about
that. I got caught in one as well. Uh
anyway, um speaking of rabbit holes and
markets, right? So a couple of things as
we go into the session today. So in case
you think that China has missed out on
this AI rally, think again. So the gains
we've seen on this specific benchmark.
Um I think this is a CSI 300 IT index is
actually similar to the gains we've seen
on the likes of the Cosby, right? So
we're up 30% uh over the last month or
so. So we're watching this one very very
closely also around and let me tie in
this upcoming trip. uh uh Donald Trump
and of course Jensen Huang is not going
to be part of that trip is what we
understand and you know so everything
but cutting edge is on the table which
bolsters the case for domestic
resilience uh and and dependence as far
as AI and this is the play you want to
do right the hardware plays domestically
is how investors are playing that
specific narrative uh the other market
metric we're tracking today after we saw
the second highest daily turnover on
record on Monday uh in case you're
curious what that is it's 3.9 nine
thereabouts was the was was the record.
We closed at about three and a half
yesterday. So 10% short of the record
and we've seen four straight days of
three trillion turnover. Something to
watch of course as we look ahead to this
not just the earning story but this
continued rally we're seeing in the Asia
market particularly around chips and
hardware plays amidst the softer story
we're seeing across some of the platform
names here.
>> All right. Yeah. Let's bring in uh
Katherine Lim here. She's been tracking
what to expect in terms of JD.com. That
does report later on today. They're
expecting here the numbers to show its
margins for retail and new businesses
lightly lag behind rivals such as PDD
and Alibaba. Our senior analyst Cat Lim
is now here for a preview. So let's walk
us through. I think I think most
analysts are expecting some positive
trends in these results, but what are
you expecting Katherine?
>> Right. Um I guess Ivonne in terms of the
positive itself depends on whether
you're looking at a yearon-year
sequentially and I think from a um
year-on-year perspective itself just
bear in mind that electronics and home
appliances still remains you know a uh
key sector for JD.com and there was a
bit of a calendar shift that's really
going to help them um in their first
quarter versus um what we have seen in
the four fourth quarter whereby you know
some of the subsidies um boost to demand
was actually fading this time round you
know you're going to see a little bit of
that support from the calendar shift and
uh from a sequential basis itself you
know you hear all the talks about you
know rationalization of the food
delivery competition and it will likely
you know come through and um you know
JD.com's um you know new businesses
losses itself whereby you will see uh
sequentially narrower losses and it is a
positive sign but you know it is still
in the red because um last year itself
we haven't really quite seen the food
delivery war kicking off. So that is
still going to weigh down on the
company. Net I would say, you know,
looking forward to hearing the company
talk about shopping assistance, you
know, which is the uh buzzword um in
tech um and e-commerce these days. And
of course, you know, notwithstanding the
upcoming 618 shopping festival,
>> is this still a growth stock, Katherine?
Well um you know I do think that the
growth for these companies and actually
interestingly for a lot of these um
Chinese tech companies even let's say
mtoan will really come from its overseas
um you know boost itself and JD.com just
zero in on what they are doing on the in
Europe itself they will probably be you
know sharing with us more about you know
joy by some of the logistic stuff that
they are doing there that is going to
drive the topline site lesser so the you
bottom line, David, because you know, it
is still a new market that they are
going into. Um, but you know, this will
likely drive the topline growth for the
company more so than in China.
>> Katherine, the the news yesterday from
Alibaba was that they're going to
integrate this whole AI strategy to
>> all of its Tao, right? Incorporating
Quen
>> into TA. I'm just wondering what what
what was your reaction to that sort of
headline and you know how does this
really stack up among some of the other
AI agents among some of these e-commerce
platforms
>> right so in short you know I I'm now
looking at the future whereby I don't
search for anything anymore Ivonne David
you know I'm basically just telling you
know the um shopping assistants you know
that I just want this and give me all of
it so you know that is going to be what
the agentic commerce is going to be
about and that is what they're
integrating essentially you've seen that
um you know already being deployed and
adopted by as well as mtoan on their
respective platforms so I would say that
you know um it is not new to um it is
not new in the business um Alibaba is
playing catch-up but then I guess the
bigger question right now is you know if
this really becomes the new norm itself
it is also going to change how take
rates um how advertising dollars are
being recognized um on the platforms. So
you know there will be some form of
disruptions and this is the
million-dollar question. I don't really
know how it is going to come through.
>> Yeah. I mean so just just your suspicion
on does that mean less time for humans
and human eyeballs on the platforms
because you now have some sort of
automated algorithm that does the
shopping for you? In other words, how
does do you see the business model
changing longer term once we have more
technology that does more of the work?
>> I guess you know it is part of AI David
like we all have less patience for a lot
of things including you know searching
for shopping for that matter. I just
want my stuff now and now you know
delivered to my place. It's all supposed
to be fully integrated. They know my
address everything. So you know um that
is I would say um you know if let our
imagination run well that's the new
world that it is um again the business
the monetization proposition of this
itself I think still remains to be seen
and that is probably what is holding
back not just Alibaba but perhaps if you
think about it we as well what 10 cents
is actually also doing they have all the
components to it it's whether you know
they are going how much of a disruption
they want to make
Yeah,
>> Cat Limb, fantastic. Katherine Lim
there, our Bloomberg Intelligence senior
analyst in Singapore for us. Just
speaking of earnings, right, JD.com, we
just talked about that uh coming through
over the next few days. Baba, Tencent,
Hugh, Semi, SMIC, and Leap Motor are on
deck this week. Lots more ahead. This is
Plumb.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Just some breaking news. More
detail now on this upcoming trip. US
President is set to meet. This is
according to the White House. President
Xi Jinping 10:15
in the morning on Thursday. So Mark uh
your set your alarms. That's so far what
we know as far as the uh this agenda is
filling up quite quickly in terms of
details. So, we'll get you more once we
have more information.
>> More reasons to watch the China show
later on this week, right? Right during
our hours. Um, in terms of what has been
making headlines in domestic media in
China, it is of course this very meeting
itself. The upcoming summit is a key
focus of news stories and commentary
striking a mostly positive tone. China
Dy's editorial says face-to-face
meetings are essential for building
stable ties and notes that continuing
pragmatic cooperation between the two
countries despite their differences.
Meanwhile, the Global Times is calling
for quote keeping the giant ship of
China US relations on a steady course.
It says both countries can prosper in
their own ways and the question is not
whether their relationship should be
managed well but how.
>> Right? So, China's access and I think
this is interesting, right? the the the
most cutting edge and to what extent we
get access from both sides on the story
on terms of technology. So the access to
the most advanced AI chips will likely
be on the agenda as President Trump of
course meets President Xi Jinping and
our team of course at Blumer Economics
says a breakthrough on that specific
front is unlikely. Michael Dung, our
Geconomics analyst says the US has been
reluctant to loosen those controls. And
meanwhile, of course, China is focused
on self-sufficiency, even as its
companies stand to benefit from access
to hardware made by the likes of Nvidia,
which we know, of course, they're not
headed to China as part of that
delegation. Joining us now from
Washington is in fact the author
himself, Michael Dung. Michael, lay out
the thesis for us uh here.
>> Yeah. So, the idea uh is that a major
technology deal probably isn't too
likely at this Trump Beijing summit. um
Trump and she Beijing summit both just
because um the the room that both sides
have to negotiate on technology has
actually gotten smaller in recent weeks
and months. Um on Washington's side,
they've shifted back towards treating AI
as u more of a risk, more of a security
issue after 2025 was much of a more
relaxed stance on AI regulation. Um the
primary reason obviously being mythos
and the capabilities it's demonstrated.
Now mythos is only one model and
represents this kind of emerging trend
across frontier AI. Um and you have
competitors that are showing equivalent
if not greater capabilities soon. Um
that's really sparked US concern. On the
Chinese side, Beijing's been focused on
reducing its dependence on American
chips for a while. Um so buying these
chips is actually counter to that
ultimate strategic objective even if in
the short terms it's it's pretty
critical and helpful for many of the
Chinese tech firms computing needs. So
you have one side that's reluctant to
settle and then you have another side
that's reluctant to buy. And so both are
increasingly moving in those directions
and that doesn't leave you a lot of
space for a grand bargain in the middle.
Yeah, I mean both are keeping their
cards I guess uh tight I guess as you
say m it's interesting though Michael
you you've been doing a lot of research
here on just where we are in this whole
AI race right now you know we've always
said that the US has some sort of
technological edge h how wide is that
gap right now who's winning this AI race
>> yeah so I mean it really depends on what
you're measuring I would say on on raw
computing power the US is pretty
definitively ahead it's roughly an order
of magnitude or so about depending on
the estimate you use 10 to 11 times more
um especially when you account for the
smuggling that's been going on um and
frontier models are about 6 to9 months
ahead in capability in terms of on
benchmarks um but the on adoption of the
picture is increasingly the opposite
it's well known at this point that the
US and China are most polar opposites on
AI sentiment so the US being one of the
most negative China one being one of the
most positive and optimistic um and that
does appear to have this kind of effect
on societywide adoption and developer
usage u one stat you can see is on a
platform from like open router is
Chinese models basically surpassed US
usage in February and that since then
have just accelerated even more. So
we're now at something like a roughly
4:1 or 5:1 ratio in terms of token
volume when you compare China versus the
US. So Chinese models are cheaper.
They're open source for a lot of real
world task tasks. They're actually
already good enough. And there's also
even developing research showing that
weaker models could actually be a little
bit better on consistency. Um whereas
advanced models are better on complexity
and capability. In some cases,
consistency is what you want. Um, you
ask any engineer working at one of these
Fortune F500 companies and, you know,
getting consistency out of an agent
system is is a holy grail for them right
now. So, the US is ahead on compute and
building the most powerful models and
China is at winning on adoption.
>> Yeah. And Michael, do you do you suspect
that the these different paths that they
have somewhat taken on AI and really the
markets play that along those different
paths, right? supercalers in in the US
for example in China it still picks and
shovels hardware uh up to currently is
that a function because of China's
inability to access cutting edge
technology I mean would it be different
if they did effectively if they did have
access
>> yeah in many cases it is a result just
of of compute because compute is so
critical and and technology is so
critical to development of AI and we've
really been unable to sort of separate
that scaling factor of compute from the
development of AI right like China's
been doing incredible in terms in terms
of what companies like Deep Seek,
Alibaba and others have done with their
software um in terms of building that
software efficiency year after year but
fundamentally AI progress is still tied
to access to compute um and that's one
thing that you know will does come into
play when you talk about a relative gap
between the US and China and a really
good example of how much a relative gap
even in in the few months um that we're
talking about the six to nine months can
can be critical is when you think about
something like mythos right like no
country would be China's feeling
probably pretty uncomfortable right with
effectively being open to a capability
like Mythos while not having an
equivalent model on their side to harden
their own networks. So that's one thing
that's can be very scary about a
relative gap. But on the other hand,
there is the absolute uh sort of the
absolute advantage or the absolute gap
to be aware of as well because with each
year when you have algorithmic and
software efficiency improving, it means
that you know with the same amount of
compute you can do more and more
different tasks. So that's something
that even export controls don't really
help the US side on in this sort of
geopolitical competition.
>> That's interesting, Michael. Now let's
say no big deal that that's going to
come this week. What what's tangible
then? What kind of agreements could we
realistically see?
>> Yeah. So most likely what we're going to
see is some kind of uh you know AI
safety dialogue or more realistically
talk of the potential to launch an AI
dialogue given the pace of you know uh
communication between the US and China
right now. What that that that could
take the form of are things like you
know communication channels on risks
maybe non-binding guidelines it could be
limited information sharing on misuse or
incidents that affect both sides or
things that are general risks that
emerge as these uh AI models become more
and more competit more more and more
capable that both sides need to get a
better understanding of you know and
that's achievable because these kind of
promises are essentially you know not
asking either side to give up anything
concrete they're sort of promises of
promises so a broader chip bargain is
unlikely in them because you know the
last thing to consider is that both
sides are still having internal debates
right on Washington side is how much do
you tighten or loosen controls do you
sell chips how much do you sell um you
saw the US moving towards model review
and then actually not implementing it
recently on on the Chinese side how much
compute do you actually need right
>> it's self-dependency versus uh you know
self uh versus being behind in the
relative gap so it's really hard to
imagine that before either side is
settled they're going to arrive at this
before they get to an external
conclusion
Michael, we got to leave it there, but
thank you so much for joining us. Lumber
economics geoeconomics technology
analyst Michael Deng joining us from DC
there. Uh, another topic of discussion
is certainly going to be, you know,
who's going to be there. We're told
that, you know, the Boeing CEO, Kelly
Orberg, is also going to be joining that
delegation with President Trump later on
this week. He has hinted at a major
deal, saying that Trump's visit will be
an opportunity for the company. And it
comes at a time where China is said to
be weighing a deal for 500 planes.
>> Yeah, this is probably if we don't get
something on cutting edge chips, this is
probably a place to look. In fact, this
is our the topic of our big take today,
the Boeing's bet on Trump and China. Uh
let's bring in our chief correspondent
for aviation and transport, Sid Phillip,
right now to talk us through this. So
yeah, what can Boeing investors expect
uh if not priced in already here?
So for Boeing investors one, in the
short term they have something to look
forward to with this China trip. I mean
Trump has talked about how he is
Boeing's best salesman and Boeing has
seen a drought of orders from China. So
they're hoping to get an order from
China that will sort of end on almost
decadel long sort of hiatus from the
Chinese aviation industry in terms of
new orders. And we understand there's
going to be 500 737 Maxes as well as a
considerable sum of uh widebody jets.
And so China while they're developing
their own aviation industry, they
they're building out com at the same
time they still depend on Airbus and
Boeing. And Boeing is sort of one
crucial arm of the duopoly that's in the
global aviation industry. And that's
also sort of an like for Boeing that's
also sort of a jumping off point for the
sort of continuation of the duopoly
because they need to be able to sort of
compete with Airbus.
>> And what does China want to get out of
this in particular here? I mean, we
we've we've seen this relationship go,
you know, pretty cold the last few
years. What what what can China really
get out of this major turnaround?
So for China, it gives the the Chinese
airlines a pipeline to future orders. I
mean remember that Boeing and Airbus are
both sold out of their most popular
narrow body jets until the end of the
decade. And so this gives Chinese
airlines some certainty about future
aviation needs. They they will get
future planes. And for for for Boeing,
this is a con sort of a considerable sum
of a a source of revenue. And so for
Boeing, it's sort of mutually beneficial
because they get the revenue that
they've been sort of badly needing,
especially after they've recovered from
all those setbacks from those two fatal
crashes back in 2019 and and then the
grounding of the aircraft. And so for
Boeing, this is an important step to
rebuilding their finances. And for the
Chinese airlines, this is a crucial step
in reassuring their pathway to future
deliveries.
Okay. Uh, Sid, fantastic. Thank you so
much. Our chief correspondent there for
aviation and transport, Sid Phillip,
there very speaking of uh, really going
from the stratosphere to back on the
ground maybe back up. So, the Cosby
index has seen just this massive swing
just today. So, we opened higher as you
can see. That's what a couple of hundred
points to the downside and we're still
down about 2.7 despite the bounce we're
seeing today. Now, separately, but
likely related to this, and I'm using
that very loosely,
uh there's a conversation right now
sparked by this
>> policy chief.
>> Policy chief, this idea of a citizen
dividend coming through on the back of
this rally. It's not going to come from
profits, they say, on the corporate
side, but more on from the exit side.
Anyway, we'll have more on this later
on. This seems to be a very big market
story. We'll tell you about it next.
This is Bloomberg.
>> We're looking at Facebook.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, this this what we were just
talking about, right? The citizens
dividend idea that was proposed by the
presidential policy chief. uh that
really is kind of setting some shock
waves across the markets here uh as he
says that maybe some of these excess uh
profits or at least excess tax from the
AI industry should be distributed to all
citizens here. Tossby is down to 3%.
Well, much more coming up here. This is
cool.
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour in the
session. What we have learned is that
the two leaders, President Trump,
President Xi, has been confirmed that
that meeting is happening 10:15 a.m.
Thursday time. So, yeah, you got to keep
watching the China show later on this
week and of course every single day
leading up to it as well. Our whole team
is heading to Beijing. Um, so there you
go. Right now, it seems like the mood
music in greater China is looking okay
with Hanging up about 610 of 1%. Eight
shares are getting close to that 9,000
level for sure. So, certainly that's one
thing to watch. But in the last couple
of minutes, the Cosby, we're seeing to
see some pretty steep declines here in
the back of what this policy chief is
suggesting about a citizens dividend.
Dave,
>> yeah, sharing the wealth there different
ways of doing that. Um the the idea that
it's being talked about, I think, is
spooking markets for now.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh we'll need to learn. Well, first it's
a it's an idea. It's a proposal. There
doesn't seem to be any tangible plan.
Let's see. Uh but the idea that this
proposal the citizen dividend from
AIdriven profits is on the table funded
by excess profits based on an initial
post
>> on Facebook seems to be spooking markets
but also I think the clarification that
followed shortly after that this was
going to come from taxes on the industry
and not so much them digging into the
balance sheet say of Samsung for example
to to give out that dividend to you know
your regular Korean citizen. It's an
interesting sort of um clarification
which the policy chief has has said just
the last couple minutes.
>> Um but still it seems like it's it's a
good excuse to maybe take some profits
in this whole hardware trade, right,
which has been basically gang busters
here uh up until recently. So Samsung is
down some four. It's really kind of
dragging the likes of the Cosby. We're
down uh 3% here right now. We'll see how
this plays out for the Taiwan sort of
trade here as well. I mean they've kind
of gone gone hand in hand. Let's take a
look how the rest of Asia is doing here
at the moment. Of course, we're just
about a day away from President Trump
arriving in Beijing and then Thursday is
when that meeting is going to happen.
We're flat when it comes to the here.
Topics is still seeing okay, but there
you go. You're seeing a bit of a fallout
there when it comes to Taiwan here this
morning, Dave.
>> Yeah. Uh yeah, and it's really and you
know the early rotation is actually been
happening in that market if you could
call it rotation, right? So TSMC has
been underperforming in recent days.
It's been in favor of others. uh we're
down about 710 to 1% across the region.
Uh in terms of the FX markets um so I
think we have to mention too on the Iran
story uh that comment coming through out
of the US president overnight that the
ceasefire was was on life support uh we
are now looking slightly at dollar
strength although of course we are now
trading at sub 680 on on dollar China.
Uh do we have cable up? Can we get cable
up if we can? And of course just to
mention of course Kier Starmer and the
uncertainty there is something that
we're tracking as well very closely. It
has largely underperformed the G10 space
because of just the the yeah some of the
shifting winds.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh in London but I we can talk about
that I guess next.
>> Yeah. And that's really kind of dragging
on bonds too as well. Um what we've been
seeing the guilt market. So certainly
that's when one thing to watch uh in the
UK. You see sterling here at 135 136
levels here right now. But let's get to
our top story. still remains. President
Trump says he will discuss uh when it
comes to, you know, with she there's a
lot of things that we're learning about,
right? It's not just about US arm sales
to Taiwan. We're also hearing about the
delegation who's going to be joining
President Trump uh on that trip to
Beijing. Here he is speaking earlier at
the White House.
>> Do you think we should still be selling
them weapons? The United States should
>> Well, I'm going to have that discussion
with President Xi. President Xi would
like us not to. Uh and I'll have that
discussion
Let's bring in our China economy and
government reporter, Nectar Gan. Nectar,
obviously we've been talking about who's
coming, who's not with the president.
What have we learned so far?
>> Right, Ivan. So, more than a dozen, you
know, top executives from US companies
are going to join um Trump's delegation,
business delegation to China. So, um a
lot of these companies have, you know,
very big exposure to China. For example,
we're seeing Elon Musk. Um Tesla
obviously counts China as a major market
where it's actually facing really
intense com competition from you know
domestic brands like BYD but China is
also a crucial um key point you know in
in its supply chain and then we have the
CEO from Bowen and there's expectation
that you know a much anticipated deal
for China to purchase up to 500 BM
aircraft uh will be announced at at this
summit. So that will be China's first
major purchase since 2017 when Trump
last visited China. So obviously
alertive sort of expectations there but
I think what's really notable is the
lack um of NVIDIA CEO Jess Hang in this
delegation because we know that you know
he he has built a very close personal
relationship with Trump. He's followed
Trump on his visits to the Middle East
to the UK you know but this time he's
left out and this is really a potential
blow to his aspiration to really open up
you know China to ambid trips because he
has been really advocating for that.
Last December, he had a major win when
Trump greenlighted, you know, the
exports of Nvidia's H200 trips to China.
But just last month, um, commerce
secretary Howard Lunik told, um, a
Senate hearing that actually none of
these approved H20 chips have been sold
to China yet because the Chinese
government hasn't allowed it tech
companies to buy these trips because it
want to focus its investment on China's
own domestic trip industry, which we
know that it's trying very hard to play
catch-up with the US. So the the the
absence of you know Jensen Huang on this
trip is perhaps a signal that there
might not be any you know major deal
when it comes to US exports high-tech
exports to China. So that's one touchy
topic you know cutting edge technology u
are there other sensitive topics that
should be on the table could be on the
table to talk about
>> yes there are a whole list of very
contentious issues here you know we the
the whole summit is held against the
backdrop of this very fragile as you
mentioned massive life support um
ceasefire right between the US and China
and we've seen this causing a lot of
tension between the two countries just
in the past few weeks you have you know
Chinese companies sanctioned by the US
for uh buying Iranian oil and providing
satellite image to to Iran. So this will
be discussed and US officials have said
that Trump is going to pressure she when
it comes to China stance on Iran. And
then of course we have the Taiwan issue,
right? Trump has mentioned that he's
going to discuss arm cells uh to Taiwan
with she know that she personally is
very concerned about it. He raised the
issue with Trump during their previous
phone call a few months back. So that
issue will definitely be discussed. And
then also, let's not forget, Trump has
also said that he's going to mention the
case of Jimmy Lie um who has been
sanctioned here in Hong Kong to 20 years
in prison on um sedition and collusion
charges. So Trump has repeatedly said
that he's going to try to secure Jimmy
Li's release. On his campaign trail, he
said it it will be easy to be done. But
now after his return to the White House,
he's find himself facing a really much
more assertive Beijing when it comes to,
you know, trade, national security. Um
and Trump has also admitted that you
know like the issue of of jimai will be
a tough uh topic to discuss.
>> Nectar fantastic. Thank you so much gone
there our China economy and uh
government reported I guess just on that
last note that we just touched on just
now right in what way uh will will
Taiwan be brought up? Now Bloomberg
economics says that Taiwan should worry
about the upcoming summits uh in
literally two days almost exactly to the
minute 10:15 on Thursday is what we're
hearing right now. Uh Jennifer Welch of
course a chief geoconomics analyst joins
us now from Washington to talk us
through this and yeah Jennifer well good
morning information thanks for joining
us by the way broadly uh what could this
meeting accomplish in as far as the
Taiwan conversation is concerned?
>> Well as President Trump himself said
earlier today he expects to discuss the
issue of US arm sales to Taiwan with
President Xiinping. I think there's a
lot of ambiguity in what he said and
concern that maybe what he was
referencing was the US negotiating arm
sales with China, which would be a major
departure and US policy since the Reagan
administration, which is explicitly to
not discuss those arm sales with China.
I think what he meant instead was more
he was going to discuss with she China's
long-standing opposition to these sales.
What I think the risk for Taiwan is is
that Beijing has wielded over the past
year this really powerful Trump card in
the form of its control over critical
minerals. And if she perhaps implicitly
or even explicitly gives the signal to
President Trump that he may be willing
to tighten that grip once again if the
United States were to proceed with
another major arm sale to Taiwan, that
could lead to a further extension of the
current pause that we're seeing in US
arm sales since the last sale in late
December.
>> Yeah. I mean, especially since they, you
know, Taiwan just a few days ago uh did
go through with this this special
defense budget as well, but walk us
through a little bit that you said two
topics were going to be interesting,
right? US arm sales to Taiwan. The
second is really about US's position
when it comes to Taiwan.
>> That's something that Beijing in the
last meeting wanted to to really get to
uh as a topic. We didn't get much more
out of that. But do you think the second
topic there, the US position is going to
change at all when it comes to Taiwan?
>> No. And I think on that one for context,
there were reports that President
Xiinping in particular was going to make
this push on President Trump to change
how the US refers to Taiwan
independence. US policy is usually to
say the US does not support Taiwan
independence and China would like that
to be a more affirmative,
actionoriented, the US actively opposes
Taiwan independence. I think candidly
it's unlikely that she would make that
ask of Trump and said I think she is
going to be far more concerned with
material issues like arm sales, but
he'll certainly relay China's
long-standing concerns about the US
position on these matters. And I think
the risk is and what this really
highlights is that US policy on Taiwan
is very esoteric. As someone who was
involved with writing those talking
points in the past, these are very
carefully worded statements. And the
difference between do not support and
oppose can seem minimal to the average
person. But when it comes to Taiwan
issues, that accuracy of wording is
really critical. And so there's a risk
with any president, but I think
especially with a president like
President Trump who likes to deviate
from formal talking points that you
could have that kind of deviation or
straying from formal words in a way that
may inadvertently send a signal to
Beijing and also to Taiwan.
>> It's Yeah, Jennifer, it's hard to
imagine the last set of eyes on any
statement that would include Taiwan
would be, you know, a large language
model. Let's put it that way. So on so
we now have the timing. It's literally
almost to the minute uh 48 hours from
now. It's 10:15
local time on Thursday. Um my mind when
I saw that time stamp coming through I
believe from the White House my mind
immediately went to Iran and like that
probably is a time where we should not
expect if at all any potential
escalation there or could be the perfect
guys. Reason I frame it that way is what
sort of baggage do you think each side
is walking into as those two presidents
meet in two days time?
>> Well, I think President Trump is
certainly looking to have a different
headline than Iran at this moment in
time. And to your point, David, yes,
typically speaking, uh the United States
would not engage in major military
operations while the president is
traveling. Uh but this is not a typical
administration. And so I would say
anything is really on the table. If you
recall in Trump's first term when he
hosted President Xiinping in Mara Lago,
he famously executed major strikes on
Syria during the dessert round I believe
it was and he kind of took pride in the
fact that he had undertaken this major
military operation while sitting across
the table from a major US strategic
rival. So I would say anything is
possible but it's probably less likely.
In terms of other baggage that they're
walking into this meeting with I think
President Xi is probably feeling pretty
strong and confident. Again, China has
played very well this critical minerals
trump card over the last year. I think
that gives him leverage walking into
this room in addition to what he
probably perceives as US geopolitical
and economic headwinds stemming from the
major energy disruption that the war in
Iran has caused in the US but also
globally.
>> All right, Jennifer, it's great to have
you on the program. Thank you so much.
Jennifer Welch there, Blur Economics,
chief geoeconomics analyst here and
really what to really decipher and
really parse through when it comes to
language around Taiwan. Of course, uh
when it comes to that arm sales deal as
well, uh the Cosby continues well, we're
coming off some of the initial lows at
least to speak. We got a bit more
clarification from the presidential
policy chief about this so-called
citizens dividend that he was proposing
in a Facebook post basically saying uh
whatever AI profits you could you know
somehow need to spread the wealth uh to
the the rest of citizens there he's
clarified it's not really excess profits
per se but maybe excess tax is where how
that could be distributed here uh so
we're coming off uh and we're coming
back just a little bit here 1% losses
for the costby there Samsung as well
trimming some losses we're down some 2%.
This is Bloomberg.
>> Right. Uh just an update of where we are
on this um extremely turbulent session,
cash market session we're seeing in
Korea today. We opened obviously much
much higher than current levels. We are
trading at slightly higher levels than a
few minutes back. Uh we're still down
1.4% from the cutoff. uh this
conversation from the chief policy
adviser around uh the idea of spreading
the wealth of the AI rally in the form
of a citizen dividend coming from excess
taxes taxed on excess profits is
>> I guess something that is a good idea on
paper but it needs to be unpacked for I
guess
>> details not to fall through the cracks.
Yeah, investors were initially quite
spooked by that, but then again, it
could be also just a consolidation story
here today given the fact that the cost
behior
investment strategist at Franklin
Templeton Institute. Uh Christie, I know
you've been pretty bullish when it comes
to Korea and this whole rerating story
that we're seeing in in this market. a
headline about a dividend tax or or
citizens dividend. I mean, how should we
interpret that?
>> Well, I think that concept is
essentially as you mentioned, you know,
redistributing the benefits of AI and uh
advancements to citizens and this is not
something that is novel or new. I think
um there are other uh Asian countries I
think for instance Singapore that
actually does have um some sort of
programs that uh surrounds that concept.
And um I think this is also a um a sign
that um you know Asian economies they
they do want to provide a signal of
ownership in the shared future that
involves you know digitalization and of
course uh AI and um that essentially I
think u mostly um could be employerled
right uh and uh it could also come in
the form of like job um training models
and and all that um that is uh coming
from the government's fund. But I think
what uh Korea uh officials proposing
right now is is from excess tax. So I
think tax residents then become quite
wary that whether or not they will be
the one footing the bill instead of the
government. So I think more has to be uh
made out of this uh of of this program
at this point in time. And uh at the at
the end of the day, I think uh it has to
come from something that is uh in excess
right so extra profits or exceptional
profits that's been made out of the AI
and uh if that has led to an increase in
productivity and that is to be shared uh
from an economic standpoint to uh all
the citizens whether or not they are
beneficiaries or uh disadvantaged by the
AI development.
I mean the type of price action we've
seen in Korea is something we haven't
seen in more than a let's call it more
than a generation. Some of this com the
fact that the government is talking
about how good it's been and that how
not good it's been for the rest of the
economy is also indicative that we're in
sort of unorthodox times. Christy, do
you think this is characteristic of how
late stage we are in this rally? In
other words, would you recommend still
getting exposure to Korea at this point?
Well, I would argue that uh this is a
reclassification and this is a global
effort uh by by investors and uh
historically I think uh investors have
treated Korea and also including Taiwan
as the very cyclical type of export
markets but now they are increasingly
being treated as strategic AI
infrastructure markets. So I think this
is the beginning. I don't think this is
the the tail end. Uh and I think you
know we saw recently that Samsung
electronics passing the $1 trillion in
market value that's a major signal and
uh the record highs that we have seen
with regards to um you know uh Cosby and
also the companies and uh the list of
companies in the AI trade. Uh but then
again I think what we saw this morning
uh that markets still very sensitive. I
would be enthusiastic and careful at the
same time. These markets are winners
from AI capex but they are also
concentrated especially in Taiwan. For
Korea the structural discount has
narrowed but that's not close totally
right. So a durable rerating of this um
of this type uh will require a few
things to move in tandem. So we still
need to see that sustained earnings
delivery and uh that is I think um uh
very universal right uh that is anchored
by this uh AI kax exposure. We need to
see this capital allocation that becomes
systematic rather than just on and off
and uh also I think uh this this
corporate reforms that has been promised
you know this will have to be repeatable
corporate actions right they have to be
sustainable. So I think we are seeing
the ingredients for this rerating to
sustain and uh for for the recent
performance to actually justify that but
the next phase is really about the
endurance
>> endurance and then I think what we're
seeing across these markets is
dispersion around the the tech space now
>> um you mentioned China AI a as a
potential you know selective rerating
trade tell us why
>> well a few reasons Right. So valuation I
think this is well uh documented. Right.
The MSCI China dividend yield is 14
basis points um just above the um junk
bond yield and and the PE trades on a
36% discount to global markets. And then
we're looking at a very clear signs that
China is coming out of deflation or
disinflation from the latest PPI and the
uh uh uh the CPI numbers and
positioning. investors are still very
underweight China right um from the last
time we we spoke you know various times
is global funds have about 1% uh in in
China and this compares with the 5%
weight of Nvidia in uh in MSCA world so
if you're talking about China also
joining the um AI bandwagon then you
know this is not looking reasonable
strategically and the other thing as
well is that everywhere we look right,
China is catching up and representing a
um well competitive threat uh or
opportunity uh and this shows up you
know in both macro micro and uh
especially in the R&D expenditure that
is uh very similar to the US and this is
in terms of the innovation space. So um
we have excess liquidity as well in the
market and uh with the nominal GDP
growing still around just 5%. Um
normally this does lead to equity market
performance. So the earnings delivery in
China and we are looking at some of
these uh this earning season coming on
stream as well in this few weeks. Uh
that will provide more testimony to that
stat.
>> Christy, I'm riskaverse. I don't have
the stomach for these equity markets.
I'm more a fixed income kind of guy. It
makes me sleep better at night. Give me
give me a good trade.
>> Well um then you are in the right space.
I would say that you know in terms of um
in in a in a space where the 3D playbook
of disruption dispersion in the equities
markets across sector countries and
style uh you know you're well
diversified right and I think what we
saw recently is that um the market is um
is is not actually disagreeing about the
geopolitical premium here right uh but
uh if you look at energy complex and the
equities markets they're just
discounting in different parts of the
story. Equities are reacting to the
probability that the conflict stays
contained and earning cycle is still
very strong. But oil energy is reacting
to the fact that that supply risk uh has
not gone away. So um I think you know
the well if you're looking at you know
just um at the fixed income space as
well right um we still
>> also cautious. I think we want to be the
short intermediate end of the treasury
curve and not really the one extend
duration until the straight of homes uh
reopens.
>> Christie, thank you. Fantastic. Thank
you so much for the time. Christy Ton
there, senior investment strategist at
Franklin Templeton uh institute. Just an
update of markets. We'll take a short
break and we'll be back.
right on the back of this pullback we're
seeing in memory uh there's a current
new shiny thing uh up on not shiny city
up the hill here in terms of Korea so
this robotics play uh theme is gathering
pace in the form of these iterations LG
is up 20% Hyundai Mois Hinday motor also
really I guess slight to slighter extent
there of course an expression of this
specific trade.
>> Yeah. On the flip side, here are some of
the losers that we're seeing on the
Cosby here in terms of points
contributions. So, you're seeing the
likes of Samsung. There you go. Uh down
some 2% here. Of course, we'll have more
coming up. This is Bloomberg.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese market to
hang that lunch break in just a moment.
Of course, we do have the US Treasury
Secretary Scott Besson there in Tokyo
meeting with Katayyama, the finance
minister. So, they did talk a little bit
more about the ethics side of things,
not in terms of, you know, huge details,
but there you go, 157. Uh, the dollar is
coming back a little bit during the Asia
session here today. Nick A and topics
though are still seeing some decent
gains of 610 of 1%. JGB markets though,
you are seeing yields pick up here. a
lot of the UK and what guilt yields were
doing. That's that does seem to have a
drag on overall just fixed income
markets here today. So certainly that's
one thing to watch out for here later on
when of course London wakes up.
>> Yes, absolutely. Okay. Uh the rest of
the region is uh that's that's Japan's
side. We're down about 310 of 1% on uh
the regional benchmark. Dollar is
catching somewhat of a bid as we speak.
Uh we're looking at just in terms of
sector movers here. Not a lot there.
Nothing stands out really as far as
price action is concerned. I mean we
talked about the robotics play in Korea
that's the LG story. There's this uh
interesting uh injection of con you know
I don't know sharing the wealth concept
that's coming through there in the form
of a citizen dividend u where that's
going to come from how they're going to
do that um how they you know how they
isolate people who will be uh recipients
of that citizen dividend. Yeah.
>> Did you have to miss the rally to be
able to raise your hand? Um but okay
that's a separate conversation but it's
interesting given that where we are here
in in this Korea rally um but yes apart
from that what else is happening so this
time in two days we have uh the US
president in Beijing of course we have
the time stamp now 10:15 on Thursday and
I think Jennifer Welch made a comment
where it's it's probably not going to be
a time when they would be launching any
major military
>> uh operation u when they had that
meeting take place but who knows perfect
perfect guys for that as Um and of
course earnings to tell you about. You
have the big tech place of course in
mainland China coming up with earnings
tens baba and what have you. So yeah we
have a lot on deck of course
>> a lot on deck here even before this
summit begins. Let's bring in our team.
Mark Cutmore is the executive editor for
Bloomberg Mive. He's in town from
Singapore and also here is our markets
producer Anthony Stevens. We bring up
his name a lot in these chats. This is
the first time he's actually made his
debut on TV. So welcome Anthony. Mark
I'll start with you since you're the
visitor.
>> What's Let's talk with Cosby. What
what's going on here today? Do you think
it's really come down to this whole
citizens dividend or do you think it's
just time to call time on this rally?
>> Uh I don't think it's time to call time.
Uh I think look I think ultimately AI
dominates everything else. We can talk
about all the other stuff. Even the
Trump she summit is ultimately dominated
by AI. Uh and until you get a real
catalyst to change the AI theme, every
dip's going to be bot. Now just to put
that in context, the dips can get really
powerful. We saw 7.2% 2% drop in just 97
minutes today which is over $300 billion
and that's just the cost alone.
Obviously there was contagion spread
into other kind of effects and this is
just from a headline which kind of
seemed to be slightly misinterpreted the
idea of people saw excess profits when I
think it was more excess taxes that
they're earning from these companies. So
it shows that like this is going to get
a lot more volatile. Here's an
interesting kind of fact. You could see
the Cosby fall 20% from this morning's
high and it would still be above any
level in history until three weeks ago.
So, like, you know, officially we go in
a bare market. That's the best bare
market ever. I'd love this bare market.
I want to own this bare market. So, I
think that's kind of the dynamic we're
going to get. We're going to keep on
getting more highs in these stocks, but
it's going to keep on getting more and
more volatile. This is a bubble, but
we're in the inflation stage of the
bubble. When you see a bubble, you run
to it. You hop on board, and then when
it when it finally pops, you want to get
out quickly. Now, obviously, that's the
hard one to call, but the point is that
we're going so rapidly. You know what?
If you get out 10% from this top, you've
still made immense amount of money. So,
you've just got to when it's an AI
catalyst, that's when you panic. M but
until an AI catalyst you just the
volatility is going to keep on going
like this higher and higher.
>> Yeah. But how can Mark Martia like how
how can you call this a bubble if
Korea's trading at a cheaper level than
it was before all these things started.
>> Oh no it's brilliant. Right. You you the
stock market rises 230% and now we're
like at record low valuations pretty
much on a forwardl looking PE basis. Uh
look it's a capex bubble here and also
these earnings projections I think are
really quite extreme in what we're
expecting. Remember, we're getting we're
talking about the suppliers of the end
users just making infinitely more money
than the enduser companies. So, like
something's wrong here in the earnings
projections, but I don't think that that
the bubble's going to pop yet. I think
we're still probably it's hard to know
and I you're going to be every day you
have to be alert for it because when it
goes, this is going to end in tears
badly, but I think we might be like, you
know, another couple of quarters away
from this. We might see extraordinary
gains. People are making the comparisons
to, you know, like the dot bubble and
stuff. This if that's the case, we're
still like in 99. We're still in like
the the crazy upswing pay phase. Uh I
think it will end in tears, but I think
far away still.
>> We're not crying yet, right, Anthony?
>> Yeah, I think we need a little bit of a
change of mental framework here, right?
The market is looking for AI
bottlenecks. So, whatever you know the
uh the data center growth requires. So,
you're seeing optical stocks move now,
specialtity materials, uh kind of
semiconductor quotings, and the market
has plenty of risk appetite for this
stuff, right? Even today, you see the
sell off. You see Taiwan's flat. TSMC is
down, but a whole bunch of things are up
5 to 6%. Same thing in in China. Uh in
Korea, you're starting to see Samsung
and Heinix get hammered, but you saw the
robotics names that you guys touched on
20%. This is not a market that is shy
about risk. It's just looking for
incremental new plays. And and another
mental framework that you have to
introduce here now is that retail
understands this market better than most
people, right? They're using AI. They're
in front. they can use AI to do more
research on AI. So the velocity of
retail participation in this entire
upswing globally is very strong. So when
they get bored, you will see the sharp
drops that Mark alluded to and that can
happen in big cap names. Big cap names
need big cap catalyst. That's not going
to happen every day. But the smaller
names retail can chase and they can
chase very hard.
>> Talk to us about how this is showing up
in in China. You've been saying in the
newsroom that we need to shift our
definition of what Chinese tech means.
What do you mean by that?
>> Yeah, there are so many different China
techs, right? There's like the China
internet stuff that you and I like we've
been talking about for decades and
they've starting to slow, right? China
has officially capped how much money you
can make off AI. Every single time
there's an AI innovation, the Chinese
government comes and says, you know
what, like don't get people addicted to
video games. Don't get people addicted
to AI contact. Don't get people addicted
to online shopping. Right? That is the
kind of cap that you don't see in the US
in the hyperscalers right from the capex
technology perspective China is guns
blazing they want technology innovation
they want new materials they want
engineering progress that China is
rallying very hard so star 50 the chex
index even some of the the pure material
metals place right so you're starting to
see China really bifocate in the equity
market and you're really getting paid to
understand deep tech themes
>> all right we Just speaking of tech,
we're we're getting a little bit more
information about this whole citizens
dividend uh from Korea. So I think this
is still from the policy chief coming
through saying that this AI dividend
doesn't mean a windfall tax. So you know
PR though a bit of crisis PR here right
now. They're doing a bit of damage
control just given what we heard from
this Facebook post originally about you
know this AI prophecies to be spread to
all but you know they're ruling out the
possibilities of how that's going to be
distributed too.
>> Yeah. So in the course of what about 90
minutes or so we went from a Facebook
post to a clarification to a second to a
second clarification. Not to say the
idea isn't a good thing right but I
think it's really the matter which was
delivered to the markets here as well.
Uh who did I start Mark? Uh we have
Nvidia next week. That's that's a name
that has I wouldn't say not gone up. It
hasn't participated in as much as we've
we're used to. Could that change could
those results change things?
>> I don't think so. Like we know Nvidia
earnings are going to be solid.
Actually, what's quite often the
playbook in the last couple years for
Nvidia is that earnings are incredibly
good and then the market sells off
afterwards. But you know what? It's not
going to change the narrative. We're not
We know enough already about the earning
cycle that Nvidia earnings aren't going
to change the narrative that AI is over.
That's not going to be the case. So, no,
this it's a volatility. Basically,
everything at the moment is a volatility
trigger, and I think we'll get some big
volatility triggers and we might get
some big pullbacks, but they're not
going to change the underlying
narrative. And that's why I say I think
the dips will get bigger. They'll get
more powerful, but the dips will be
bought until the AI narrative blows up.
And I think actually Anony's point about
retail being like more ahead on this is
really important because that's why this
is going to be the most awesome bubble
seen in financial market history because
we just got extreme hering like we
basically have never seen before. you
know the the pace of which information
is going is everyone is just piling on
the same dynamic. They're going to AI to
get do their research getting the same
answers believing it the same way. It's
being self-reinforced by our own stuff.
I mean the whole point is AI is not
independent thinking. So it's kind of
we're building this whole cycle of
information which is why this is going
to be an extraordinary bubble. It's
probably going to see extraordinary more
gains and someday it's going to see
extraordinary pain but probably a long
way off.
>> So Anthony do I ignore these warnings
coming through out of the cell side?
Obviously, there are some on the sales
side that do still think this can't go
up. I mean, JP Morgan had this bull case
of 10,000, I believe, on the Cosby.
Stand chart came out, I think it was
yesterday, and they say, "You know what?
This feels like a party at 3:00 a.m.
when someone brings the tequila out, and
you're going to get massive behavioral
rush." But then we know what happens
after tequila at 3:00 in the morning.
So, yeah, take us to where we are here.
>> Similar to the tequila concept, right?
You do need to time your hangover,
right? What is your what is your time in
the market,
>> right? If you're going day to day to
day, momentum factor, the momentum
factor has massively outperformed this
year, right? So stay on the momentum. If
you have a short time horizon, if you
have a longer time horizon, you have to
do this deep tech work, right? You start
to see stuff that is throwing off in
Taiwan. The top 10 stocks in Taiwan are
all up over 250%. Right? This is a
cushion that you can build to survive
any volatility if you do the tech work.
Right? Just to go back to Nvidia
quickly, there is a little kink in the
volatility curve around that earnings.
It is going to be an impactful earnings
and it's nicely timed with the sheump
summit as well, right? And they will
definitely be up for grabs there. For
Asia, Nvidia is very important because
of what they will say about how much of
these chips are being used. Now, that is
the new bottleneck, right? So, Nvidia is
pumping out these chips. They've got
their memory, but building a data center
is a proper pain in the neck, right?
like you need to get land, you need to
build buildings, you need to get air
conditioners and cooling and stuff and
there's a big backlog of these chips now
and the risk is that these chips don't
get used in time. So that is something
that we want Nvidia to talk about like
what is the what does the order book
look like not now two or three years now
people have to talk about five to 10
years
>> mark final word here anything on the FX
market
>> FX hasn't been exciting for about 13
years it depresses me okay look if you
want to make two things I think it's
interesting the guilts have reacted
quite clearly to the starmer kind of
troubles but pound hasn't yet and I
think we might see a little bit more but
again FX is not where there's excitement
I'm actually going to say three things
that's one yuan I do think the yuan
story is solid. It provides a stab
anchor of stability for Chinese assets.
And the third thing is positioning is
really light in FX market at the moment.
So if a new macro narrative starts, it
could really get legs because people
there's a whole kind of bored FX market
dying to jump on a new macro theme. At
the moment, they're all distracted by
playing AI stocks. But as soon as you
get a new macro theme, you could really
run. So that's probably going to be the
dollar next dollar trade. Don't know
which way it goes there.
>> If if I can quickly jump in on the FX
stuff, right? Like you're getting paid
to take risk there as well. So like
Bloomberg carry index is at at new highs
now and the volatility of holding that
has crashed right. So risk appetite is
really being supported by kind of low
equity risk premier and that is feeding
into the FX story as well.
>> Jent it was great to have you guys both
on set here. Our executive editor Mark
Cudmore from M Live and of course
Anthony Stevens our Bloomberg markets
producer. Coming up in the next hour
have more insights with markets with 10
cap co-founder Jim Beu. Also ahead are
exclusive interviews with Dichici Sano
CEO Hiroyuki Okazawa and Titan CFO Ashok
Sthalia on their earnings outlooks. This
is Bloomberg.
Historically I think uh investors have
treated Korea and also including Taiwan
as the very cyclical type of export
markets but now they are increasingly
being treated as strategic AI
infrastructure markets. So I think this
is the beginning. I don't think this is
the the tail end. Uh and I think you
know we saw recently that Samsung
electronics passing the $1 trillion in
market value. That's a major signal.
>> Yeah, it could be difficult. Christy Tan
who joined us in fact just a few minutes
back here at what's going on in Korea
and I think one of the things she put
out there is this is a market where you
have to be both simultaneously excited
>> and cautious which doesn't seem
intuitively possible but it's I think we
are at the very fringe. That's how you
should approach life really with caution
and excitement. I have to say about
>> particularly at 3:00 a.m. Also,
>> you know, sometimes you just got to just
go for it, right? You know, worry about
the the hangover later as they say,
right? Just time your hangover is
according to Anthony. Um, okay. So,
there's a lot that's happened the last
couple minutes or so here. Let's try to
kind of parse through what the language
after, you know, the top policy makers
saying that the country should pay all
citizens a share of AI profits.
Presidential policy chief Kim Yong Bun
said in a Facebook post that those gains
are not the result of specific companies
alone and so a portion of those gains
should be returned to citizens and he
says this dividend does not also mean
though a windfall tax for more let's
bring in our Asia equities reporter Sami
Sha she's in soul for us um Sami there's
a lot going on we're trying to get some
more clarification I know you you and
your team have also what is the latest
on this citizen dividend
>> yeah So this was like the hot topic this
morning. You know, Cosby has been having
that rally. We've had that five straight
days of gains and that snapped today uh
because of this comment. Some are saying
that at least of course there was some
consolidation. But again going back to
the topic, it was 13 hours ago when he
posted this Facebook post where he
talked about this AI citizens dividend.
So in initially it kind of sounds like
you know sharing of that wealth from the
AI era uh that all these companies are
making in Korea because of this massive
uh focus on the AI infrastructure which
is all focused in Korea. Um it's sharing
of this kind of revenue. So it sounded a
little bit like that windfall tax which
would be quite punitive to the AI
sector. But again uh he has walked back
that comment. He did not clearly say
that he he had responded to our message
saying that what he meant was more of
that revenue uh revenue generating and
of obviously more taxes coming out from
there. So that would be used in
different ways as that dividend. There
were many ways that he mentioned uh one
of the one of the one of the uh ways
included uh entrepreneurship uh programs
for some of the young professionals or
used as universal income for those who
are in the countryside. So there are
many options here and Christy Tan just
said it on TV uh with us saying that
this is not something new. Uh Singapore
has some similar programs and of course
the Korean uh government has also
mentioned of different ways all because
Korean companies especially Samsung and
SKH are bucking a lot uh from this AI
boom. And again, this comes at a very
important timing because Samsung is
actually talking about this in the
middle of this labor uh tensions, right?
Because they are uh some of those
workers are actually threatening an
18day uh strike from May 21st. And there
has been this negotiation with the labor
union. So this is all coming at this
critical time when Samsung we're going
to be finding out whether Samsung will
be making any headway in this
discussions.
Yeah, it really highlights
I guess to at you know to one extent how
sensitive Sangi just retail investors
are to any headline that comes out. I
think that's really what changes in your
behavior when you're up I don't know
300%. Or so what does this mean then?
Does this mean anything for Korean
stocks?
>> Right. So there has been that divergence
just definitely um foreign investors
definitely came back a little bit after
this rally uh because of that FOMO but
we've had uh some of the investors pile
in their cash reserves which they had uh
put away during this Iran were now all
piling back into these AI stocks namely
the memory makers in Korea but again
some of the retail investors are always
uh coming in to buy the dip when there
are these kind of um um you sell offs
very popularly the Koreans uh Korean
retail investors known as ants because
of you know they're they they always
move in unison and they have been doing
that. We have been seeing a lot of these
trends some of them just uh ditching
their uh daytime work you know to
actually go and trade and really make
money off of their trade gains and a lot
of them have been moving their funds
even from the US where they have been
favoring for many many years into namely
the memory stocks in Korea. So what does
this mean? We are we'll have to watch.
Cosby is up more than 80% this year and
we're not into not even into the halfway
of the year. So we'll have to see where
this goes. Uh we'll be watching at the
valuations and where um where the trade
tensions are. I mean in terms of uh the
labor disputes in Samsung as well.
>> Lots to look ahead to Sami. Thank you so
much for joining us. A great context
there. Our very own Sami Cha our Asia
equities reporter joining us from Seoul
this morning. And of course, uh, from
Korea to Australia, we're watching very
closely with the Australian Treasurer
Jim Chalmer's set to unveil the federal
budget later today and expected to make
the housing sector its centerpiece in a
bid to ease inequality. But questions
remain whether it will change
Australia's property obsession. Our very
own Paul Allen reports.
Saturday in Australia means auction day.
Every weekend, hopeful homeowners do
battle with investors. On the
auctioneers block today, a three-bedroom
semi- detached house in Dulich Hill.
It's about a 20-minut drive from
downtown Sydney and in need of
renovation.
>> Where do we go? Where do we start?
>> 1.5. Good start. Bidder number three at
$ 1.5 million.
>> An opening bid of $1.5 million
Australian dollars. That's about 1.1
million US. We'll come back and see how
this ends, but first, how did we get
here? Sydney property isn't only
notoriously expensive, it's also in
short supply. This isn't just a supply
story, though. Australia also offers a
generous tax break for property
investors known as negative gearing. It
means investors can claim a tax
deduction for losses on property
ownership, including interest on loans.
And when selling, they get a 50%
discount on any capital gain. These
features of the tax system get blamed
for contributing to runaway prices,
shutting young people out of the market
and favoring older, wealthier investors.
>> At $1,500,000 now. I'll call it three
times now. Here we go. Could be yours at
$1,500,000. Now I have and 50. And 50 is
the bid now. 1,550. And 50. You can be
1.6 if you like. Now,
>> the government has been foreshadowing
changes to both negative gearing and the
capital gains tax discount on Tuesday's
budget. The truth is that young people
feel like they're not getting a fair
crack at the moment.
>> What changes are coming and what they
might mean for house prices is unknown.
>> So these are really tax policy changes
more than housing changes. So they're
not going to have a big effect on home
prices and housing affordability.
There's unfortunately not a whole lot of
good extent literature because we
actually haven't seen changes to these
policies in in nearly three decades. But
the estimates that we do have suggest
the impact on home prices is probably
pretty modest. You in the order of sort
of small singledigit percent. Back in
Dage Hill, betting hits 1 and 3/4
million.
>> Act 1750
going.
We are selling. Going gone. And
congratulations to you.
>> A young couple with two children. Get
the keys and a very big mortgage. We
definitely um thought about making sure
we had a plan into the future if um
>> yeah, we we crunched the numbers and
stress tested ourselves to go 3% above
like what the mortgage rate would be at
the moment. So, we still felt
comfortable with that.
>> Regardless of what's coming in the
budget, real estate agent Shad Hassan
doesn't see the appetite for Sydney
property letting up.
>> Once we get over this little speed hump,
um I think it'll be back to normal
relatively soon. Maybe the economist
might not think so, but I think, you
know, face to face, I'm seeing buyers
that definitely want to get in get into
homes. So, I think with a lack of stock
or low levels of stock, uh, demand's
going to be there and I think prices
will will remain sort of reasonably
strong.
>> Is normal the right adjective for
Sydney?
>> No, there's nothing there's nothing
normal about Sydney.
>> Paul Allen, Bloomberg, Sydney.
We have a big interview coming up on
Bloomberg television. JP Morgan will be
holding its annual global markets
conference in Paris and yep, Jamie
Diamond, the CEO, will be joining us for
a live interview at those times on your
screen. Check it out, of course, on the
terminal as well on the TV go.
>> Yeah, I mean, there's going to be lots
on the agenda here, whether it's what's
going on in in Trump she world and then
of course um you know, AI trade, what he
thinks about it. um private credit, the
like. So certainly there's a lot on tap
there with that discussion. Um but then
again, you know, we still have to talk
about what's happening in the next 48
hours or so, right? We just got
confirmation last couple minutes. 10:15
a.m.
>> Thursday, that's when this meeting is
going to be happening according to the
White House. Local time.
>> Yeah, local time. So yeah, stay tuned,
of course, for the China show in Well,
stay tuned tomorrow, obviously. Stay
tuned for Thursday. Uh we'll get a a new
visual on this handshake, of course, uh
going into uh the Thursday session. uh
in between that and perhaps right after
that a lot of earnings are coming
through JD.com you have the big tech
companies we talked about Alibaba cities
out with this new note that Alibaba is
your bet on China AI and of course on a
backer front US inflation also comes
through later on Tuesday right uh that's
it from us here on the China show lots
more ahead here on Bloomberg television
we'll see you all